Long Story:

	Simple as pie, trust me - you got this one, it’s easy.

	All you need to remember is one little trick, and that trick is hidden inside the word “Login”.

	The “trick” in this instance is that “Login” doesn’t mean login - it means “Authenticate”.

	The reason the trick is hidden there is because no one ever remembers the first thing they do when they get to work.  They think that the first thing might be some process like, checking email or something.  But the first thing you really do when you go to work every day is login.

	So, if we “Login” to our computer at work, than we “Login-in” from home, with remote access.

	When wanting to login to your computer remotely, the only this different in method is that you have to authenticate two times instead of then once.  That is the very technology that allows us to do remote computing.

	The reason why remote access is kinda “funny” (most people just say “remote access sucks”) - this is because remotes are always kinda that way that way aren’t they? - No, it’s not magic, it’s physics.  It’s just that it simply takes time for the remote to do it’s job.  If you remember that every time you do work at on a remote vs. the actual computer you’re literally doing twice as much work, and that takes more effort - and that’s why just is not the same as sitting there at the actual computer.  This means you will need to be EXTRA patient with your computer.  Any problems/hangs/delays your computer’s “flow” become amplified by the delay in the remote connection.  This is actually really a good thing, because it’s a great time to know how your computer is feeling.  Your computer should work right from now on, now that I’m here.  If at any time it’s not working right, it’s never your fault - it’s always It’s the computer’s fault, and obviously it wasn’t designed right.  If you notice anything that just seams to tick wrong - just let me know - because I’ll polish that out.  Otherwise, happy surfing, and please feel free to let me know if it’s not “flowing right” - because that means it’s broken and I need to tweak something.
